Who is she?
She is Chen Jingmeng, Chief Li's psychiatrist
How did I forget the lace news about Li Zeyan in Chen Jingmeng's last life
Nine of the ten are her
Everyone
Li Zeyan has always had mental illness
Because when he was young
Killed his own brother
What
What? Li Zeyan killed his own brother
That's it
It's terrible
Shut up, Li Yuan
At least Zeyan is your cousin
Dear cousin
15 years ago, you pushed your own brother downstairs and fell to his death
You have a fear of heights
I have been receiving treatment with your psychiatrist, Miss Chen Jingmeng, for all these years, right?
I am Chen Jingmeng, a graduate of Princeton University in psychology
He is also Mr. Li Zeyan's psychiatrist
No, it's fine
Let her speak
Mr. Li Zeyan has no sleep except insomnia
There is no mental illness
You lie
He lost his temper on the rooftop that day
All the media have photographed it, people without training
Under the strong flash
It is normal for the body to feel unwell
I swear by my career
Mr. Li Zeyan
What are you doing when you don't have any psychological problems
Take this beast down to me
Let me go, Li Zeyan, you wait for me
Chen Jingmeng gambled her career for Li Zeyan
Is it true that they were lovers as rumors say
What's wrong with you, Yaoyao
Are you uncomfortable?
This is the case
I can't be distracted anymore
It's time for my well-prepared show
Everyone
A little bit of interlude, everyone knows that I am the eldest daughter of the Su family
Much loved
So I married Li Zeyan today
My mother also specially prepared a generous dowry for me
Please take a look
Isn't this the necklace I asked Lao Wang to send to the black market for auction?
Why is it here?
How did the necklace I handed you get to Su Yaoan?
Madam, our business
The eldest lady knows
Someone came, the second lady of the Su family fell down the stairwell and passed out
Tian Tian